Autoscaling a CrateDB Cluster out and back (#333)
crate/cratedb-examples: topic/autoscaling/README.md

Reviewer: Hi @wierdvanderhaar. Please merge GH-334, in order to convert the README to Markdown.

Reviewer: Thanks for merging!

How to run the autoscale script
===============================

*****
About
*****

This python script can be used to autoscale a CrateDB Cloud Cluster. This script monitors the amount of shards that are on the nodes in the cluster. 

> When this crosses a threshold the cluster will add a node or when the threshold goes under a curtain number the cluster will be scaled-back.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When this crosses a threshold the cluster will add a node and when it goes back down below another threshold the cluster will be scaled-back.
```

> For more depth and background on this please see the commity post about autoscaling. <ADD LINK>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more depth and background on this please see the community post about autoscaling. <ADD LINK>
```

*****
Usage
*****

Run dedicated cluster in CrateDB Cloud::

    https://console.cratedb.cloud/

Install script::

    git clone https://github.com/crate/cratedb-examples
    cd cratedb-examples/topic/autoscaling

Change script::
  Make sure to edit the script before running it. 

>   Update line 7, 10 and 11 with your API credentials, organization id and cluster id. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Update lines 7, 10, and 11 with your API credentials, organization id and cluster id. 
```

Reviewer 3: How about rather making those environment variables or arguments to pass to the script? The line numbers can easily change in the future when the script gets adapted.
